Update metrics streams filtering support (#28288)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose.md

## Overview

{{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/metric_streaming_diagram.png" alt="Diagram of the metrics flow" responsive="true">}}

1. Create a CloudWatch Metric Stream in each AWS account and region for which you want to stream metrics.
   - Optionally specify a limited set of namespaces or metrics to stream.
2. Once you create the Metric Stream, Datadog immediately starts receiving the streamed metrics and displays them on the Datadog site with no additional configuration needed.

<div class="alert alert-danger">Per-namespace filtering configured in the AWS Integration tile <b>also applies</b> to CloudWatch Metric Streams.</div>

### Metric Streaming versus API polling {#streaming-vs-polling}

The following are key differences between using CloudWatch Metric Streams and API polling.

- **Metrics that report with more than a two hour delay**: API polling continues to collect metrics like `aws.s3.bucket_size_bytes` and `aws.billing.estimated_charges` after metric streaming is enabled, since these cannot be sent through CloudWatch Metric Stream.

> - **Metrics Metadata**: Datadog continues to use API polling to collect custom tags and other metadata for your streamed metrics so you will need to keep the configuration on the AWS integration unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Metrics Metadata**: Datadog continues to use API polling to collect custom tags and other metadata for your streamed metrics. To ensure that you continue to receive these metrics, do not change the configuration on the AWS integration.
```
